Improvements to doc on control plane installation (#1510)
kumahq/kuma-website: app/_src/production/cp-deployment/multi-zone.md

### Verify control plane connectivity

> If your global control plane is installed on Kubernetes, you'll need to configure your `kumactl` like so:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your global control plane runs on Kubernetes, you'll need to configure your `kumactl` like so:
```
